Upload your project proposal here...
 
 #GrouAbstract of Idea
A platform to connect drivers who get struck in highways due to unexpected automobile break down and vehicle repair mechanics who are in search for customers.

The problem that is being solved
1) There are many auto-mechanics in cities and villages near to highways who get very less number of customers.
2) Drivers in highways experience unexpected automobile break downs and are in need of help as they are unaware of information about automobile mechanics around them.
3) There isn't any platform as of now, that unites automobile-mechanics around cities.

Our Solution in a nutshell
An app that enables a medium of communication between drivers-in-need-of-help and auto-mechanics customized and localized based on the location of both the clients.
Through our platform certified automobile-mechanics offer maintenance services to drivers. Prices and rates are fixed on a common platform based on locations. We also provide delivery of fuel in case of fuel exhaustion.
Note: Details are not disclosed here. This will be copyrighted and will be extended to a start-up.

Use cases
tyre punctures
engine breakdowns
fuel exhaustion
faulty battery
starter motor problems
clutch cables and spark plug issues
HT leads ( deteriorated )
lost keys ( doors get locked with keys inside the car )
accidents ( Minor damages )


The extension Idea
In case of accidents connect the drivers with insurance agents as well.


The Technology Requirements

Design - UML 2.5
Controller Language - Java / Python ( Preferably Java due to faster processing )
Web application framework - Spring ( Java ) / Django 1.8 ( Python ) [ To be decided ]
Database ( SQL-based ) [Initial stage ] - PostGRE sql
               ( NoSQL based ) [ Later stage ] - Cassandra
Front end - HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, AJAX, jQuery, Bootstrap , Angular
App development - Android studio  , Windows app studio, iOS SDK + Xcode 

Note: Deployment to be decided later after necessary research.

 
 
