Uplodad  the project proposal here
 
 My Individual project: ONLINE EXAM PORTAL
I'm Interested to do exam portal. In this portal all the lectures can upload the quiz papers or any online instant contents to the students.
So that every student of the Institute can register in this portal. The questions will be randomized to minimize the copy cases. 
The quiz papers can be uploaded many days before the exam but students can view it in a particular time slot decided by the professor. 
This portal is done by using Intranet. The clubs within the campus can use this portal to much extent.

Suggestions are invited :)
 
 ##############
 After Discussing with Sridhar sir about exam portal... I have decided to change the project..basically i'm interested in painting and (DIY) crafts.
 
 My passion project: FINE ARTS and CRAFTS
 
 FAC is the perfect platform to showcase your artistic capabilities and also learn a lot of new things at the same time.
 Glass Painting, Charcoal Painting and Clay Painting on artistic activities like Origamy, there is a lot to fulfill your creative appetite. 
 Craft making is one of the wonderful hobby to practice. Creating craft ideas isn’t tough.
 You just have to use your imagination and creativity .Crafts helps everyone who wants to create original things by hand.
 Here you will find pictures and step by step instructions which will give a spark to  your imagination. 
 Most of the unwanted materials are recycled and reused. So, your creative or imaginative  ideas  can give a new life to the old items. 
 FAC is helpful for Easy employment and for making  Small investiments also. These are mostly useful for the housewives,widows and those who are jobless can make money out of this. 
 One can make the things on spot viewing this crafts procedure when they can't get the things at the time of the requirement. 
 In this platform you can find the Arts in the gallery so, that you can purchase the painting pictures. 
 I'm thinking to keep two more features like weaving and embroidery.
   
 
